h1. Ostis - Fly the Parrot AR.Drone with your voice.

An end-of-studies project of five students from the "ECE Paris":http://www.ece.fr/ engineering school. Follow our progress on "Twitter":https://twitter.com/OstisProject, we will be posting daliy updates about the challenges we face and how we overcome them.

h2. Introduction

The developpement of this project was scheduled for the month of january 2014. Given the short timeframe, project goals and details have been established before. The end-result will be an android application, able to perform speech recognition to identify orders that will be passed as basic actions to the "AR.Drone":http://ardrone2.parrot.com/.

h2. Using the project

Clone the project on your computer. Since we have moved from using the native Parrot API to using the "JavaDrone API":https://code.google.com/p/javadrone/ you can developp from any operating system. The suggested developping setup consists of "Eclipse Standard":https://www.eclipse.org/ with the "ADT plugin":http://developer.android.com/tools/ and the "EGit plugin":http://www.eclipse.org/egit/. You will then be able to make any modifications you want to the project, and deploy a customized apk to your Android device.

h2. Trying the application

You will need a Parrot AR.Drone (version 1 has been proved to work, but version 2 might have some video-related issues according to JavaDrone current developpement) and an An android smartphone (at least 4.0 version). You can either retrieve the latest stable apk from our "releases page":https://github.com/Ostis/Ostis/releases, or from the Google Play store (yet to come).

Once launched, the application will try to connect to your drone and the speech recognition servers. Please note that for the high priority method to work, you have yo have the type "hipri" set in your default internet apn.
